Add support for wl-134 (#2137)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/text_sensor/wl_134.rst

WL-134 Pet Tag Sensor
=====================

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up WL-134 text sensors.
    :image: fingerprint.svg

> The ``wl_134`` text sensor platform exposes the last readed pet tag as text sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``wl_134`` text sensor platform exposes the last read pet tag as text sensor.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry
    uart:
      rx_pin: GPIO17
      baud_rate: 9600

    text_sensor:
      - platform: wl_134
        name: Transponder Code
        reset: true

Configuration variables:
------------------------

> - **reset** (*Optional*, boolean): Reset the readed tag immediately after reading. Defaults to ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **reset** (*Optional*, boolean): Reset the text sensor state back to "" 1s after reading a tag. Defaults to ``false``.
```
